README.md, before:

ttylog
======

This program writes everything comes from a serial device from /dev/tty* onto
stdout. You can specify the device and the baud rate of the device.  It was
originally written and packaged for Debian by Tibor Koleszar and is now
maintained by Robert James Clay.

Information about how to build ttylog can be found in the INSTALL file.

Copyright is GPL-2+, details of which can be found in the COPYRIGHT and LICENSE
files.


Usage:
------

ttylog [-b|--baud] [-d|--device] [-f|--flush] [-s|--stamp] [-t|--timeout] > /path/to/logfile

If you are not using the timeout option, you can stop it running by pressing a
ctrl-c when it's going to the screen or doing 'kill -HUP nnnn' if running it in
the background.

Web sites
-----------

ttylog website:  http://ttylog.sourceforge.net/
ttylog project:  https://sourceforge.net/projects/ttylog/

Code
----

ttylog Git repository:  http://sourceforge.net/p/ttylog/code/
ttylog at GitHub:  https://github.com/rocasa/ttylog

Support
-------

https://sourceforge.net/p/ttylog/support-requests/
https://sourceforge.net/p/ttylog/bugs/
https://sourceforge.net/p/ttylog/patches/
https://sourceforge.net/p/ttylog/feature-requests/
https://github.com/rocasa/ttylog/issues

Commit message:

macOS: remove timeout option
Previously, this software would not build on macOS because timer_t is
not available.

Now, when --timeout or -t option is provided on the command line,
on macOS, an error message is displayed that this option is not
available and the program exits.

See https://github.com/rocasa/ttylog/issues/6

README.md, after:

ttylog
======

This program writes everything comes from a serial device from /dev/tty* onto
stdout. You can specify the device and the baud rate of the device.  It was
originally written and packaged for Debian by Tibor Koleszar and is now
maintained by Robert James Clay.

Information about how to build ttylog can be found in the INSTALL file.

Copyright is GPL-2+, details of which can be found in the COPYRIGHT and LICENSE
files.


Usage:
------

ttylog [-b|--baud] [-d|--device] [-f|--flush] [-s|--stamp] [-t|--timeout] > /path/to/logfile

If you are not using the timeout option, you can stop it running by pressing a
ctrl-c when it's going to the screen or doing 'kill -HUP nnnn' if running it in
the background.

The timeout option is not available on macOS.

Web sites
-----------

ttylog website:  http://ttylog.sourceforge.net/
ttylog project:  https://sourceforge.net/projects/ttylog/

Code
----

ttylog Git repository:  http://sourceforge.net/p/ttylog/code/
ttylog at GitHub:  https://github.com/rocasa/ttylog

Support
-------

https://sourceforge.net/p/ttylog/support-requests/
https://sourceforge.net/p/ttylog/bugs/
https://sourceforge.net/p/ttylog/patches/
https://sourceforge.net/p/ttylog/feature-requests/
https://github.com/rocasa/ttylog/issues
